c:\users\notter_killer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\lucenenet\lucenenet\bin\Debug\lucenenet.exe.config
c:\users\notter_killer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\lucenenet\lucenenet\obj\Debug\lucenenet.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\notter_killer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\lucenenet\lucenenet\bin\Debug\lucenenet.exe
c:\users\notter_killer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\lucenenet\lucenenet\bin\Debug\lucenenet.pdb
c:\users\notter_killer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\lucenenet\lucenenet\bin\Debug\ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.dll
c:\users\notter_killer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\lucenenet\lucenenet\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.dll
c:\users\notter_killer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\lucenenet\lucenenet\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.pdb
c:\users\notter_killer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\lucenenet\lucenenet\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.xml
c:\users\notter_killer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\lucenenet\lucenenet\obj\Debug\lucenenet.exe
c:\users\notter_killer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\lucenenet\lucenenet\obj\Debug\lucenenet.pdb
c:\users\notter_killer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\lucenenet\lucenenet\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Analyzers.dll
c:\users\notter_killer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\lucenenet\lucenenet\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Core.dll
c:\users\notter_killer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\lucenenet\lucenenet\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.FastVectorHighlighter.dll
c:\users\notter_killer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\lucenenet\lucenenet\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Highlighter.dll
c:\users\notter_killer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\lucenenet\lucenenet\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Memory.dll
c:\users\notter_killer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\lucenenet\lucenenet\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Queries.dll
c:\users\notter_killer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\lucenenet\lucenenet\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Regex.dll
c:\users\notter_killer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\lucenenet\lucenenet\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.SimpleFacetedSearch.dll
c:\users\notter_killer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\lucenenet\lucenenet\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Snowball.dll
c:\users\notter_killer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\lucenenet\lucenenet\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.SpellChecker.dll
c:\users\notter_killer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\lucenenet\lucenenet\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Analyzers.pdb
c:\users\notter_killer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\lucenenet\lucenenet\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Analyzers.xml
c:\users\notter_killer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\lucenenet\lucenenet\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Core.pdb
c:\users\notter_killer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\lucenenet\lucenenet\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Core.xml
c:\users\notter_killer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\lucenenet\lucenenet\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.FastVectorHighlighter.pdb
c:\users\notter_killer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\lucenenet\lucenenet\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.FastVectorHighlighter.xml
c:\users\notter_killer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\lucenenet\lucenenet\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Highlighter.pdb
c:\users\notter_killer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\lucenenet\lucenenet\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Highlighter.xml
c:\users\notter_killer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\lucenenet\lucenenet\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Memory.pdb
c:\users\notter_killer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\lucenenet\lucenenet\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Memory.xml
c:\users\notter_killer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\lucenenet\lucenenet\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Queries.pdb
c:\users\notter_killer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\lucenenet\lucenenet\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Queries.xml
c:\users\notter_killer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\lucenenet\lucenenet\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Regex.pdb
c:\users\notter_killer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\lucenenet\lucenenet\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Regex.xml
c:\users\notter_killer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\lucenenet\lucenenet\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.SimpleFacetedSearch.pdb
c:\users\notter_killer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\lucenenet\lucenenet\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.SimpleFacetedSearch.xml
c:\users\notter_killer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\lucenenet\lucenenet\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Snowball.pdb
c:\users\notter_killer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\lucenenet\lucenenet\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Snowball.xml
c:\users\notter_killer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\lucenenet\lucenenet\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.SpellChecker.pdb
c:\users\notter_killer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\lucenenet\lucenenet\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.SpellChecker.xml
